Update release related information (#101819)
pytorch/pytorch: README.md

## Releases and Contributing

> PyTorch has 3 releases a year (major releases). Please let us know if you encounter a bug by [filing an issue](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/issues).

Reviewer: typically
```suggestion
Typically, PyTorch has three major releases a year. Please let us know if you encounter a bug by [filing an issue](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/issues).
```

> PyTorch has 3 releases a year (major releases). Please let us know if you encounter a bug by [filing an issue](https://github.com/pytorch/pytorch/issues).

Reviewer 2: Would be good to provide a justification, why frequency was reduce from 4 times a year, to 3

We appreciate all contributions. If you are planning to contribute back bug-fixes, please do so without any further discussion.

If you plan to contribute new features, utility functions, or extensions to the core, please first open an issue and discuss the feature with us.
Sending a PR without discussion might end up resulting in a rejected PR because we might be taking the core in a different direction than you might be aware of.

> To learn more about making a contribution to Pytorch, please see our [Contribution page](CONTRIBUTING.md). For release related information consult [Release page](RELEASE.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about making a contribution to Pytorch, please see our [Contribution page](CONTRIBUTING.md). For more information about PyTorch releases, see [Release page](RELEASE.md).
```
